"You and your friend, Hopeful, start walking through Enchanted Ground that begins to make you both
very drowsy. To keep yourselves awake, you decide to keep talking with each other and ask Hopeful
how God was first introduced in his life. Hopeful, who lived in the sinful town Vanity, indulged in
 all the treasures and riches of this world including rebelling, partying, drinking, swearing,
 lying, and lewdness. But he finally discovered God by listening to and considering spiritual truth
 by learning that his lifestyle would eventually lead to his own death. And he further learned that
  his death would be brought by the wrath of God for his disobedience. But when he heard these
   things from you and your former companion, Faithful, Hopeful didn’t want anything to do with it.
   Yet reading the Word sparked a stirring in his heart began to always feel troubled and didn’t
   know what to do. “It was more than one cause. First of all, I was ignorant that this was God’s
   work on me. I never understood that God begins the sinner’s conversion by using awakenings toward
    sin, Second, I was still very reluctant to let go of the sins sweet to my flesh. Thirdly,
    I didn’t know how to leave my old friendships and lifestyle behind. And finally, the times that
    I felt convictions were so troublesome and fearful that I couldn’t endure them” Eventually,
    Hopeful decided to make every effort to improve his life and left behind his sins and sinful
    friends, beginning to pray, reading the Bible, grieving over his sin, and telling others the
    truth about God. But soon his trouble overwhelmed him even more, because he realized all his
    current good works will never “repay the debt” he owed by sinning against God in the past.
    He had no idea what to do until he started fellowship with Faithful and Faithful told him about
    Jesus and his perfect righteousness. Hopeful responded by saying that Christ would not be
    willing to save him.
 	With that, Faithful only asked Hopeful and try to meet Him himself by praying. So Hopeful
 	prayed hundreds of times without any revelation of Christ, but didn’t stop, because he thought
 	that only the righteousness of Christ could save him. Moreover, if he stopped praying, he would
 	die and he sought to die at the throne of grace. Then on the saddest day of his life, Jesus
 	finally revealed himself to Hopeful telling him to believe in Him, so that He can give Hopeful
 	eternal life even for all the sinners in the world  for He died for our sins and rose again for
 	 our justification.
 	With that, Hopeful finally understood that the world was so sinful that it was going to be
 	condemned and that he needs to look for righteousness in Christ. More importantly, he recognized
 	 that Christ died in obedience to the Father for mankind’s sins for our own salvation, and cried
 	  tears of joy for his love of Jesus. This made love living a holy life and do everything in
 	  honor and glory for Jesus."